Update Spectrum DnD docs and rename Spectrum DnD hook (#3548)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/@react-spectrum/dnd/docs/dnd.mdx

In this case, we look up the information for each dragged item and serialize it, mapping it to a custom item type. This information will be processed and provided to the drop target's drop handlers on drop.

```tsx
let getItems = (keys) => [...keys].map(key => {
  let item = list.getItem(key);

>   return {

Author: This is returning an array via `[...keys].map`

In this case, we look up the information for each dragged item and serialize it, mapping it to a custom item type. This information will be processed and provided to the drop target's drop handlers on drop.

```tsx
let getItems = (keys) => [...keys].map(key => {
  let item = list.getItem(key);
  return {
    'adobe-app': JSON.stringify(item)
  };
})
```

We also create an `onDragEnd` event handler for `useDnDHooks` that handles removing the dragged items from the draggable list upon a successful drop operation. Note how we use
the `.remove` method provided by `useListData` to remove the dropped items from our list.

```tsx
let onDragEnd = (e) => {
  if (e.dropOperation === 'move') {
    list.remove(...e.keys);
  }
}
```

Finally, we provide our `getItems` and `onDragEnd` functions as options to `useDnDHooks`, providing us with a set of `dndHooks` that we can pass to our ListView directly.
Below is what our draggable ListView would look like after combining everything together. For more info on `getItems` and `onDragEnd`, see the [props section](#props) below and the

> [React Aria docs](/react-aria/useDraggableCollection.html#drag-data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[React Aria docs](react-aria/useDraggableCollection.html#drag-data).
```

Reviewer: I guess these aren't broken locally or on prod, but they do break on PR builds if included

#### Using high level options

For the second ListView we want to make it droppable, accepting drops between items and onto folders but not at the root of the list. Similar to the draggable ListView, we'll start by initializing the default item list
via [useListData](/react-stately/useListData.html). As a reminder, `useListData` is completely optional here and can be replaced by [useAsyncList](/react-stately/useAsyncList.html) or any other state management solution.

```tsx
let list = useListData({
  initialItems: [
    {id: 'f', type: 'file', name: 'Adobe AfterEffects'},
    {id: 'g', type: 'file', name: 'Adobe Illustrator'},
    {id: 'h', type: 'file', name: 'Adobe Lightroom'},
    {id: 'i', type: 'file', name: 'Adobe Premiere Pro'},
    {id: 'j', type: 'file', name: 'Adobe Fresco'},
    {id: 'k', type: 'folder', name: 'Apps',  childNodes: []}
  ]
});
```

Since we only want to accept items from the first ListView, we setup an array containing our custom type that will be provided to `useDnDHooks`'s `acceptedDragTypes` option.

```tsx
let acceptedDragTypes = ['adobe-app'];
```

> To handle the processing of the drop item data, we create a `itemProcessor` utility function that will be used in each of the drop handlers. See the [aria docs](/react-aria/useDroppableCollection.html#drop-data)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To handle the processing of the drop item data, we create an `itemProcessor` utility function that will be used in each of the drop handlers. See the [aria docs](/react-aria/useDroppableCollection.html#drop-data)
```

for more information on the drop items provided to the drop handlers.

```tsx
let itemProcessor = async (items, acceptedDragTypes) => {
  let processedItems = [];
  let text;
  for (let item of items) {
    for (let type of acceptedDragTypes) {
      if (item.kind === 'text' && item.types.has(type)) {
        text = await item.getText(type);
        processedItems.push(JSON.parse(text));
        break;
      }
    }

>   }

Author: Yeah, it isn't technically necessary for this example, I'll go ahead and change it. I liked having the `itemProcessor` since it would be easier to expand on if the user wanted to handle directories/files as well or have separate logic for Android Chrome DnD like we have in our stories

>   }

Author: Another reason is to accommodate for typescript since the items in the drop handlers are of type `DropItem[]` which includes Files and Directories. Unfortunately the type won't reflect the filtering that has already occurred in useDroppableCollection

  return processedItems;
};
```

> Next, we can add support for insertion drops by providing a `onInsert` handler. This handler uses the relative drop position to insert the dropped

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, we add support for insertion drops by providing a `onInsert` handler. This handler uses the relative drop position to insert the dropped
```

      } = e;
      let processedItems = await itemProcessor(items, acceptedDragTypes);
      let targetItem = list.getItem(target.key);
      list.update(target.key, {...targetItem, childNodes: [...targetItem.childNodes, ...processedItems]});
    },
    acceptedDragTypes,
    shouldAcceptItemDrop: (target) => !!list.getItem(target.key).childNodes
  });

  return (
    <ListView
      aria-label="Droppable list view example"
      width="size-3600"
      height="size-3600"
      selectionMode="multiple"
      items={list.items}
      dndHooks={dndHooks}>
      {item => (
        <Item textValue={item.name} hasChildItems={item.type === 'folder'}>
          {item.type === 'folder' && <Folder />}
          <Text>{item.name}</Text>
          {item.type === 'folder' &&
            <Text slot="description">{`contains ${item.childNodes.length} dropped item(s)`}</Text>
          }
        </Item>
      )}
    </ListView>
  );
}
```

#### Low level API

As mentioned previously, the above example makes use of several high level events and options supported by `useDnDHooks` to define the droppable ListView's behavior. The same behavior can be defined using the `onDrop` event and

> `getDropOperation` function instead.

Author: sounds good, I'll adjust

First, we must implement the `onDrop` event handler that handles updating the droppable list for insertion and on folder drops. This handler serves as a replacement for the previous `onInsert` and `onItemDrop` handler options.

```tsx
let onDrop = async (e) => {
  let {
    items,
    target
  } = e;
  let processedItems = await itemProcessor(items, acceptedDragTypes);
  if (target.type === 'item') {
    if (target.dropPosition === 'before') {
      list.insertBefore(target.key, ...processedItems);
    } else if (target.dropPosition === 'after') {
      list.insertAfter(target.key, ...processedItems);
    } else {
      let targetItem = list.getItem(target.key);
      list.update(target.key, {...targetItem, childNodes: [...targetItem.childNodes, ...processedItems]});
    }
  }
}
```

Next, we need to implement a `getDropOperation` function that cancels any drop operations that are not a folder or insertion drop. It uses the current drop target, relative drop position, and the drop operations allowed by the drag source to determine the final drop operation.

> Note that `acceptedDragTypes` can still be used alongside `getDropOperation` where it acts as a pre-filter that rejects any drag operations that do not contain any of the drag types defined within `acceptedDragTypes`. We will be
> using the same `acceptedDragTypes` from the previous example so that we don't need to perform any drag types checks within our `getDropOperation`. If you were to implement a more complex scenario, such as only allowing on folder drops if
> the dragged items were of a specific mime type, you can use the `types` in `getDropOperation` to check the drag types of the current drag operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that `acceptedDragTypes` can still be used alongside `getDropOperation. It acts as a pre-filter that rejects any drag operations that do not contain the drag types defined within `acceptedDragTypes`. We will 
use the same `acceptedDragTypes` from the previous example, eliminating any drag type checks in our `getDropOperation`. If you implement a more complex scenario, such as only allowing on folder drops if
the dragged items are of a specific mime type, you can use the `types` in `getDropOperation` to check the drag types of the current drag operation.
```

```tsx
let getDropOperation = (target, types, allowedOperations) => {
  let isFolderDrop = target.type === 'item' && target.dropPosition === 'on' && !!list.getItem(target.key).childNodes;
  let isInsert = target.type === 'item' && target.dropPosition !== 'on';
  if (isFolderDrop || isInsert) {
    return allowedOperations[0];
  }

  return 'cancel';
}

let acceptedDragTypes = ['adobe-app'];
```

> Below is what our droppable ListView would look like after combining everything together.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below is what our droppable ListView looks like after combining everything together.
```

### Creating the droppable list

We want to make the second ListView droppable, accepting drops between items and onto folders but not at the root of the list. Similar to the draggable ListView, we'll start by initializing the default item list

> via [useListData](/react-stately/useListData.html). As a reminder, `useListData` is completely optional here and can be replaced by [useAsyncList](/react-stately/useAsyncList.html) or any other state management solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
via [useListData](react-stately/useListData.html). As a reminder, `useListData` is completely optional here and can be replaced by [useAsyncList](react-stately/useAsyncList.html) or any other state management solution.
```

```tsx
let list = useListData({
  initialItems: [
    {id: 'f', type: 'file', name: 'Adobe AfterEffects'},
    {id: 'g', type: 'file', name: 'Adobe Illustrator'},
    {id: 'h', type: 'file', name: 'Adobe Lightroom'},
    {id: 'i', type: 'file', name: 'Adobe Premiere Pro'},
    {id: 'j', type: 'file', name: 'Adobe Fresco'},
    {id: 'k', type: 'folder', name: 'Apps', childNodes: []}
  ]
});
```

Since we only want to accept items from the first ListView, we set up an array containing our custom type that will be provided to `useDnDHooks`'s `acceptedDragTypes` option.

```tsx
let acceptedDragTypes = ['adobe-app'];
```

Next, we add support for insertion drops by providing an `onInsert` handler. This handler uses the relative drop position to insert the dropped items before or after the target item.
Note how we can access each drop item's information by using the expected drag type and `getText`.

```tsx
let onInsert = async (e) => {
  let {
    items,
    target
  } = e;

  let processedItems = await Promise.all(

>     items.map(async item => JSON.parse(await item.getText(acceptedDragTypes[0])))

Reviewer 3: I might make this explicit so it's a little clearer what's happening?
```suggestion
    items.map(async item => JSON.parse(await item.getText('adobe-app')))
```

}

let shouldAcceptItemDrop = (target) => !!list.getItem(target.key).childNodes;
```

Below is what our droppable ListView would look like after combining everything together. By not supplying an `onRootDrop` handler to `useDnDHooks`, we automatically
exclude the root of the droppable list from the drop targets reachable via any of the drag and drop interaction modes. For more information on the options used above,
please see the [API section](#high-level-drop-handlers-and-options) below.

```tsx example export=true render=false
import Folder from '@spectrum-icons/illustrations/Folder';
import {Text} from '@react-spectrum/text';
import {useDnDHooks} from '@react-spectrum/dnd';

function DroppableList() {
  let list = useListData({
    initialItems: [
      {id: 'f', type: 'file', name: 'Adobe AfterEffects'},
      {id: 'g', type: 'file', name: 'Adobe Illustrator'},
      {id: 'h', type: 'file', name: 'Adobe Lightroom'},
      {id: 'i', type: 'file', name: 'Adobe Premiere Pro'},
      {id: 'j', type: 'file', name: 'Adobe Fresco'},
      {id: 'k', type: 'folder', name: 'Apps',  childNodes: []}
    ]
  });

>   let acceptedDragTypes = ['adobe-app'];

Reviewer 3: nit: put a newline above here

  let {dndHooks} = useDnDHooks({
    onInsert: async (e) => {
      let {
        items,
        target
      } = e;
      let processedItems = await Promise.all(
        items.map(async item => JSON.parse(await item.getText(acceptedDragTypes[0])))
      );

      if (target.dropPosition === 'before') {
        list.insertBefore(target.key, ...processedItems);
      } else if (target.dropPosition === 'after') {
        list.insertAfter(target.key, ...processedItems);
      }
    },
    onItemDrop: async (e) => {
      let {
        items,
        target
      } = e;
      let processedItems = await Promise.all(
        items.map(async item => JSON.parse(await item.getText(acceptedDragTypes[0])))
      );
      let targetItem = list.getItem(target.key);
      list.update(target.key, {...targetItem, childNodes: [...targetItem.childNodes, ...processedItems]});
    },
    acceptedDragTypes,

>     shouldAcceptItemDrop: (target) => !!list.getItem(target.key).childNodes

Reviewer 3: I'd put these two options at the top (before the events)

  });

  return (
    <ListView
      aria-label="Droppable list view example"
      width="size-3600"
      height="size-3600"
      selectionMode="multiple"
      items={list.items}
      dndHooks={dndHooks}>
      {item => (
        <Item textValue={item.name} hasChildItems={item.type === 'folder'}>
          {item.type === 'folder' && <Folder />}
          <Text>{item.name}</Text>
          {item.type === 'folder' &&
            <Text slot="description">{`contains ${item.childNodes.length} dropped item(s)`}</Text>
          }
        </Item>
      )}
    </ListView>
  );
}
```

### Low level API

The above example makes use of several high level events and options supported by `useDnDHooks` to define the droppable ListView's behavior. However, you may have complex operations
that would be difficult or impossible to implement using the high level options alone. For situations like this, you can use `getDropOperation` and `onDrop` instead, granting you
complete control over what drop operations should be returned and how any drop on your collection should be handled. For a more general explanation of these low level options and how they work,

> see the [API section](#low-level-drop-handlers-and-options) below and the `useDroppableCollection` [React Aria docs](/react-aria/useDroppableCollection.html#low-level-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see the [API section](#low-level-drop-handlers-and-options) below and the `useDroppableCollection` [React Aria docs](react-aria/useDroppableCollection.html#low-level-api).
```

      if (e.target.type === 'item') {
        if (e.target.dropPosition === 'on') {
          let item = list.getItem(e.target.key);
          list.update(e.target.key, {
            ...item,
            contains: item.contains + items.length
          });
        } else if (e.target.dropPosition === 'before') {
          list.insertBefore(e.target.key, ...items);
        } else if (e.target.dropPosition === 'after') {
          list.insertAfter(e.target.key, ...items);
        }
      } else {
        // If dropping on the root, append the directory to the bottom of the list
        list.append(...items);
      }
    },
    getDropOperation: (target, types, allowedOperations) => {
      // When dropping on an item, check whether the item accepts the drag types and cancel if not.
      if (target.type === 'item' && target.dropPosition === 'on') {
        let item = list.getItem(target.key);
        return item.accept && item.accept.some((type) => types.has(type))
          ? allowedOperations[0]
          : 'cancel';
      }

      // If dropping a directory between items, support a copy operation.
      return types.has(DIRECTORY_DRAG_TYPE) ? 'copy' : 'cancel';

>     }

Reviewer 3: I was unable to get dropping directories between items to work.

Author: derp, forgot to import the drag type, thanks for catching

## API

As seen in the [examples](#examples) above, enabling drag and drop for a supported React Spectrum component differs slightly from the typical event handler prop pattern that you may be familiar with.
Instead of providing each event handler directly to the component, you must first import `useDnDHooks` from the `@react-spectrum/dnd` package and provide this hook with your desired options.
`useDnDHooks` then provides you with a set of hooks that you can pass to the component via its `dndHooks` prop, thus enabling drag and drop operations for the component. This approach allows the drag and drop
implementation to be included only when used, keeping bundle sizes small when unused by an application.

Whether the component supports drag operations, drop operations, or both all depends on the options you provide to the `useDnDHooks`. If you omit the `getItems` option, the component will not be draggable. Alternatively, if
you don't provide an `onDrop` handler or any of the high level drop handlers (`onInsert`/`onItemDrop`/`onReorder`/`onRootDrop`) to `useDnDHooks` then the component will not be droppable.

> ### High level drop handlers and options

Reviewer: Nit, but I think we should use hyphenated `High-level` and `Low-level`

</TypeContext.Provider>

These lower level drop handlers and options can be used to supplement or replace the high level options mentioned above. `getDropOperation` allows you to allows you to specify what drop operations is returned based on the
dragged items' drag types, the drop target information, and drop operations allowed by the drag source. It can be used in tandem with the higher level `acceptedDragTypes` and `shouldAcceptItemDrop` (when onItemDrop is provided) options. Those
two options serve as a pre-filter, preemptively canceling any attempted drop operation that doesn't pass their requirements.

`onDrop` can be used to handle all accepted drops, overriding any provided high level drop handlers. On the other hand, `onDropEnter` and `onDropExit` can be freely used with any of the high level drop handlers and options.

### Props

The full list of options for `useDnDHooks` is available below.

<FunctionAPI function={docs.exports.useDnDHooks} links={docs.links} />
<TypeContext.Provider value={docs.links}>
  <InterfaceType properties={docs.exports.DnDOptions.properties} />
</TypeContext.Provider>

> Of the various drag specific options above, `getAllowedDropOperations` may be of particular interest. When the dragged items are dropped on a drop target created using the React Aria drag and drop hooks,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of the various drag-specific options above, `getAllowedDropOperations` may be of particular interest. When the dragged items are dropped on a drop target created using the React Aria drag and drop hooks,
```

As seen in the [example](#example) above, enabling drag and drop for a supported React Spectrum component differs slightly from the typical event handler prop pattern that you may be familiar with.
Instead of providing each event handler directly to the component, you must first import `useDnDHooks` from the `@react-spectrum/dnd` package and provide this hook with your desired options.

> `useDnDHooks` will then provide you with a set of hooks that you can pass to the component via its `dndHooks` prop, thus enabling drag and drop operations for the component. This approach allows the drag and drop
> implementation to be included only when used, keeping bundle sizes small when unused by an application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`useDnDHooks` then provides you with a set of hooks that you can pass to the component via its `dndHooks` prop, thus enabling drag and drop operations for the component. This approach allows the drag and drop
implementation to be included only when used, keeping bundle sizes small when unused by an application.
```

Whether the component supports drag operations, drop operations, or both all depends on the options you provide to the `useDnDHooks`. If you omit the `getItems` option, the component will not be draggable. Alternatively, if
you don't provide a `onDrop` handler or any of the high level drop handlers (`onInsert`/`onItemDrop`/`onReorder`/`onRootDrop`) to `useDnDHooks` then the component will not be droppable.

### High level drop handlers and options
<TypeContext.Provider value={dndDocs.links}>
  <InterfaceType properties={dndDocs.exports.UtilityOptions.properties} />
</TypeContext.Provider>

> As demonstrated in the [example](#using-high-level-options), `useDnDHooks` accepts a set of high level drop handlers and options. Providing any of these high level drop handlers will enable the corresponding

Author: IMO it is better to have it after the prop table so context isn't lost if the user jumps to this section via the table of context

drop behavior in your component (e.g. if you provide `onReorder`, internal insertion drop operations are enabled, provided the component is draggable as well). `acceptedDragTypes` allows
you to control what types of drag items your droppable component should accept and `shouldAcceptItemDrop` gives you a greater degree of control over whether an item in your component is a valid drop target. Providing
these two options will also automatically filter out any invalid drag items from the list of items provided to the drop handlers.

### useDnDHooks
<FunctionAPI function={docs.exports.useDnDHooks} links={docs.links} />

> <TypeContext.Provider value={docs.links}>

Author: I guess I could set up a separate interface that is the `useDnDHook` options with the high level stuff omitted and used that here, unless there is an alternative way to do so via the InterfaceType component?

> <TypeContext.Provider value={docs.links}>

Author: Hrm, getting the low level drag and drop apis involves making two more interfaces, one for:
```
export interface DraggableProps extends Omit<DraggableCollectionProps, 'preview' | 'getItems'> {
  /**
   * A function that returns the items being dragged. If not specified, we assume that the collection is not draggable.
   * @default () => []
   */
  getItems?: (keys: Set<Key>) => DragItem[]
}
```
and the other for 

```
export interface DroppableCollectionBaseProps {
  /** Handler that is called when a valid drag enters a drop target. */
  onDropEnter?: (e: DroppableCollectionEnterEvent) => void,
...
}
```

I think I'll make have a section for high level drop props, low level drop drops, and then all the props for `useDnDHook`
